[all hosts] Specify which clients support AddinCommmands 1.3 (#1842)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-reference: docs/requirement-sets/common/add-in-commands-requirement-sets.md

> The add-in commands **1.1** requirement set introduces the ability to [autoopen a task pane with documents](/office/dev/add-ins/develop/automatically-open-a-task-pane-with-a-document).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AddinCommands **1.1** requirement set introduces the ability to [autoopen a task pane with documents](/office/dev/add-ins/develop/automatically-open-a-task-pane-with-a-document).
```
To be uniform with other requirement set references.

> The add-in commands **1.3** requirement set introduces manifest markup that enables an add-in to customize the placement of a custom tab on the Office ribbon and to insert built-in Office ribbon controls into custom control groups. At present, PowerPoint is the only Office client that supports this requirement set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AddinCommands **1.3** requirement set introduces manifest markup that enables an add-in to customize the placement of a custom tab on the Office ribbon and to insert built-in Office ribbon controls into custom control groups. At present, PowerPoint is the only Office client that supports this requirement set.
```
